When you run SC2 Metronome, you will get this window:

:/MainWindow.png


Timer handling


By clicking the "Add Timer" button, a dialog will pop up:

:/DlgNewTimer.png

The first line contains a combo box which list some predefined timers. Te last line ("Custom") allow you to choose any sound on your haddrive that you want to play.

The second line allow you to change the period of the sound. A period of "10 seconds" means that the sound will start playing every 10 seconds. You can adjust the period from 1 to 600 seconds.

The last line let you enter a hotkey. This hotkey will start/stop the sound every time you will press it. This hotkey has some requirements:
- the Windows(R) key is forbidden
- you must use at least one key among Control/Alt/Shift
- you must use one other key

So:
- Win+X, D+K, Control+Shift are invalid
- Control+A, Alt+Shift+B, Control+Alt+Shift+F5 are valid

To define the hotkey, click in the box containing the current hotkey, then type your new hotkey.


Now, the timer has been added to the list. You can repeat the procedure to add more:

:/MainWindowList.png

If you want to modify a timer, select it then click the "Edit timer" button. A edition dialog will appear, similar to the creation dialog.
You can also edit a timer by double-clicking it.

:/SelectTimer.png :/DlgEditTimer.png

To remove a timer, select a timer and click the "Remove timer". There is no confirmation.


List handling


Instead of creating your own list each time you use SC2 Metronome, you can save/open them with the "New / Open / Save List" buttons.



Some questions you might ask yourself


How to start and stop a timer?
Press its hotkey. The sound will play once, and will play again each time the defined period is elapsed.
If the timer was already started, it will stop.

When should I start the sounds I want to play?
In-game, when you need it. If you use the "inject" timer, press its hotkey when your first queen is created.

My opponent paused the game, so my timers are not synchronized anymore
You can't pause the timers. You have to stop the running timers.

Can I create my own sounds?
You can use any speech synthetiser, or an online service like http://soundoftext.com/.
When creating a timer, choose the "Custom" item in the combo box, then browse your disk to select the sound you have built.

Why my sounds start and stop randomly?
Check that the hotkeys you choosed are not the same than some shortcuts in the game, because it would start/stop your sounds every time you use this shortcut.
